Add get_incidents to CoreIR (#31333)
demisto/content: Packs/CortexXDR/ReleaseNotes/6_1_3.md

#### Integrations

##### Palo Alto Networks Cortex XDR - Investigation and Response

> - Improved implementation of *xdr-get-incidents* by moving it to *CoreIRApiModule*. 

Reviewer: Users are not exposed to CoreIRApiModule 
```suggestion
- Improved implementation of *xdr-get-incidents* by unifying similar code blocks.
```
